ssl: Add hardening guide (#11019)
erlang/otp: lib/ssl/doc/guides/ssl_hadening.md

you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

%CopyrightEnd%
-->

# TLS Harding Guide

## Introduction

There can exist trade-offs between interoperability and security, and
between resource consumption and security. If you makes such
trade-offs it is important that you make an informed decision and
understand the consequences.

Erlang TLS implementation provided by the ssl application strives to
have secure defaults, that said we will avoid changing defaults in
none major releases.

## Cryptographic Algorithms

The available cryptographic algorithms depends on the version of
OpenSSL cryptolib that Erlang/OTP is built and linked with.

Configuration algorithm lists will be automatically filtered
except for `ciphers` that pre TLS-1.3 is combining several algorithms

> and you need to call ssl:filter_cipher_suites/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration algorithm lists will be automatically filtered
except for `ciphers` that before TLS-1.3 combined several algorithms;
in which case you will need to call `ssl:filter_cipher_suites/2`.
```

Author: Rephrased it a little as to avoid terminology confusion as it is normally referred to as cipher suites, and pre TLS-1.3 the ciphers  are only a part to the  configuration.

> #### Note {: .info }
Note that the TLS protocol is implemented in Erlang so only

> the cryptography comes from OpenSSL cryptolib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the TLS protocol is implemented in Erlang, and therefore only
the cryptography functions comes from the OpenSSL cryptolib.
```

Author: Added

# Pre Shared Keys

TODO

# Certificate and Keys

Use the `certs_keys` option to be able to configure more than one
possible certificate for the client or server and then the `tm` best
one that can be used with the peer will be chosen.

## Certificate Verification

# Verify Function

The verify_fun option to TLS clients and servers lets you customize
the certificate path validation, that is validation the chain of
certificates that shall ensure the authenticity of the peer, and it's
purpose is to allow for application specific additional checks.  The
verify fun can however also be used to accept certain errors. Doing
the latter is at own risk and will weaken the security properties of
your application.

# Certificate Revocation Verification

Although this should be done it needs to be configured as the ssl
application does not know how the users application handles
this. There exists a basic default cache that can be externally
populated or rely on certificate HTTP distribution-points, a callback
API can also be use to access an external cache.

CRL check option best_effort is to be considered legacy.

The client can also support OCSP stapling if connection to a server

> that supports that. Only supports end entity certificate staple in TLS-1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client can also support OCSP stapling when connected to a server
supporting that. In TLS-1.2, only end entity certificate stapling is supported.
```

Author: Rephrased mostly like suggestion
